Docs: TAG policy revision (#42121)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/access-controls/access-graph.mdx

---
title: Teleport Policy
description: A reference for Access Graph with Teleport Policy.
---

> Teleport Policy will streamline and centralize access management across your entire infrastructure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Teleport Policy streamlines and centralizes access management across your entire infrastructure.
```

So this sounds less like a promise and more like a feature description
